Your current Tell-a-Friend bonus is £35.
For the referral to be successful, your friend must click on your unique Tell-a-Friend link And sign up to the site on that click-through.
For the Tell-a-Friend bonus to be applied to your account, your friend must authenticate their TopCashback account And reach a minimum cashback threshold of £10 cashback.
The cashback must be pending in your friend’s account within 3 years from the time and date they joined topcashback.co.uk.
Your bonus will become Payable when your friend has a minimum of £10 cashback at Payable status.
Only referral bonuses for genuine sign-ups will be paid. We will not pay the bonus for any referrals where the new account has been terminated. Multiple accounts created for use by the same person or any fraudulent signups may result in termination of your account and all accounts which we deem to be linked.
The criteria used to determine referral thresholds may be adjusted at any time.
The Tell-a-Friend referral scheme Is intended to be used by individuals to promote to family Or friends.
This term is intended to prevent any TopCashback members from knowingly or unknowingly promoting TopCashback in an irresponsible manner. If a member does wish to promote TopCashback further than their friends and family they must meet certain stipulations: (The below is a requirement of using the TopCashback Tell-a-Friend scheme and does not constitute legal advice.)
If promoting TopCashback using a referral link, the refer must make it clear that they are using the ‘Tell-a-Friend’ scheme and will receive a reward.
If a member chooses to promote TopCashback on their website they must:
Include an option to consent to cookies, a cookie policy and a privacy policy.
Tell-a-Friend scheme uses cookies to allow TopCashback to record referrals and be able to correctly allocate the reward and thus, by including on your website you’re allowing TopCashback to record their sign-up in relation to your referral.
Tell-a-Friend invites should only be sent via electronic communications if the referrer has the consent of the recipient.
Your referral link should not be used in search engine sponsored listings (e.g. Google Adwords) or any other paid advertising without the prior permission of TopCashback.
Members who falsely impersonate TopCashback within www.topcashback.co.uk or external sites to gain clicks on their referral link will not be paid referral bonuses and risk the termination of their TopCashback account. This includes but is not limited to; impersonation of TopCashback or pretending to be a representative of TopCashback and making false claims relating to any rewards that may come as a result of signing up to the site.
The referral bonus amount may increase or decrease at any time. When the referral bonus amount has changed, you will be eligible to receive the amount that was advertised on the site at the time your friend signed up from your link, which may be different to the amount offered when you sent the link to your friend or when the bonus was applied to your account.
View our standard Terms and Conditions for more information.
Iframes should not be used as a way of generating referrals unless expressly permitted by TopCashback.
Some transactions will not count towards your friend’s referral threshold, including sign-up bonuses, bonus promotions, New Member Deals and any cashback awarded from the list of excluded merchants below. This list is subject to change at any time.
Your referral link should not be promoted by you alongside any other new member incentives, unless expressly permitted within the promotion Terms and Conditions. Referrals where more than one promotion have been earned against the same sign-up may risk having a bonus or incentive removed.
From 08/03/2021 Tell-a-Friend referral bonuses earned will only be eligible for payout via BACS except where the bonus is part of a promotion and TopCashback have explicitly stated in the Terms and Conditions for that promotion that the bonus will be redeemable via other payout methods.
Cashbacks which are awarded as goodwill, incentives or contest cashbacks will not be counted towards reaching eligible threshold for both Tell-a-Friend sign up bonuses and Referral bonuses.